Accident: Bad accident happened to me while I was driving your car. I was shocked and now being recovered, will post details later.
Accident: Do you have instrcutions what to do in case of an accident because I have some fears going over overloaded highway...
Accident: Hi guys, I am really sorry to say it, but my car caught fire, what should I do?
Accident: Hi guys, I had an accident. what shall i do?
Accident: I had a car accident. Nobody hurt, but car front got severely smashed.
Accident: I had a severe accident on the road, my car collided with a truck. I need assistance to get my car to service station.
Accident: I had an accident, the police will arrive soon. What should I do with the car?
Accident: I had an accident, what should I do now?
Accident: It was a horrible crash accident. My car was hit by a wheel broken away from another car and smashed my back. I need assistance!
Accident: Some jerk drove into by car's back, I had to call police to register the accident. What should I do next?
Accident: asshole smashed by cars back on the crossroads and police came to document it. should I call assistence service?
Accident: A small accident occured to my car when I was inside a shop and my left mirror is now broken. Should I return car asap or I can continue using it?
Accident: An accident occured to my car, front light is smashed, no injures to people. pls advise what to do
Accident: Hi, someone crashed into a parked car, can you solve everything without me?
Accident: I broke left front light of my car while driving out of my garage, I know that this is not covered but where can I get assistance for such accidents?
Accident: I crashed into a tree, there are no victims. Can you solve this problem yourself? I am very busy now.
Accident: I got into a small accident, should I return the car or will you take it yourself?
Accident: I hit a road sign. Me and my passengers got no injures, but cars front is a bit smashed. I had not called police but I will take car to service
Accident: I scratched the car through no fault of my own, what should i do now?
Accident: I've accidentally broke right mirror of my car. How can I get it fixed?
Accident: I've noticed that my car has a dent on the left front door. I have not seen an accident but I suspect somebody parked car near mine ina bad way. Will call police to document accident asap
Accident: My car collided with another one on a parking lot. Neither I not other driver got any injures, but car side now has some scratches.
Accident: My car has crashed but nobody was hurt in the accident. Now I need assistance to take my car to service.
Accident: My car went into an accident due to a deep rut in a road. Where should I report that accident?
Accident: My door mirror has been broken by some passing by car. I guess it was Mazda or something. How should I register the accident?
Accident: My wing mirror was destroyed while my car was parked near shopping center. Should I call police?
Accident: The car broke down on the track, there are small scratches. Can you call a tow truck?
Accident: The car struck the wheel on the track, I think it is not my fault. Who should call a tow truck - me or you?
Accident: Due to bad road accident I now have scratches on car body. It is operable but I suspect it's better to return it, am I right?
Accident: I have a little crushed bumper, should I immediately return the car?
Cancel: Hi guys, I want to cancel car reservation for next weekend.
Cancel: Hi guys, our plans for tomorrow have changed, please cancel the car reservation.
Cancel: I can not cancel the reservation on the site. Could you cancel my order?
Cancel: I got better offer from other company, please cancel my pre-order.
Cancel: I have recently cancelled my car booking.
Cancel: I left this order by mistake, please cancel it.
Cancel: I would like to call off my reservation if possible.
Cancel: I would like to cancel my order
Cancel: My plans for this month have changed and I would like to cancel my order.
Cancel: My plans has changed, so I would like to call of my reservation.
Cancel: Please cancel my order. I apologize
Cancel: Please cancel my reservation, apologize.
Cancel: Unfortunately I've recently had to cancel my car booking.
Cancel: Unfortunately, I cannot make an advance payment of the order via the Internet, so pls cancel the reservation
Cancel: Unfortunately, I would like to cancel my order and return the prepayment. Thank you for understanding.
Cancel: my travel plans have changed so i have to cancel my order.
Cancel: Do I need to pay extra fee if I cancel my car rent today?
Cancel: Do you have free cancellation option?
Cancel: Hi guys, does cancellation fee depend on the cancellation date?
Cancel: I would like to cancel my reservation. What is your company's cancellation policy?
Cancel: Is cancellation possible if only two days left?
Cancel: Is free cancellation possible? On what conditions?
Cancel: What are conditions for my cancellation to be accepted?
Cancel: What is the standard cancellation fee and does it depend on the cancellation date?
Cancel: What is the standard cancellation fee?
Cancel: What is the standard cancellation fee? Does it depend on the cancellation date?
Cancel: What is the standard fee in case of cancellation? Does it depend on the cancellation date?
Cancel: What is your cancellation fee?
Cancel: What is your company's cancellation policy?
Cancel: What will be the cancellation fee if I will cancel my reservation in the next 24 hours?
Cancel: What will be the cancellation fee if I'll cancel my reservation today?
Cancel: Good afternoon, please tell me how can I cancel my reservation?
Cancel: Hi guys, how can i cancel my booking?
Cancel: How do I change or cancel my reservation?
Cancel: hey, what do i have to do if i want to change my reservation?
Cancel: Should I cancel my reservation as soon as possible in case of some unexpected event?
Cancel: What happens if you don't cancel my car reservation in time?
Cancel: This is the first time ever I cancelled an order by mistake. I apologize.
Invoice: I need an invoice for payment, can you send it to me by mail?
Invoice: To pay for the account of the company, I need an invoice, send a scan by email.
Invoice: Send me a invoice for renting a car, I need it to write off taxes.
Invoice: Please resend me invoice for renting a car.
Invoice: Send me a invoice, I need it to write off taxes.
Invoice: Hello! I need my invoice today because it have to be paid by my employer before I start my trip.
Invoice: Could you send me an invoice for my order.
Invoice: Hi guys, for a trip report I need a bill, could you send it to me as soon as possible to this mailbox?
Invoice: I can't find the order invoice in the mail, could you duplicate it?
Invoice: I can not find an order invoice on your website. Please send it to me as soon as possible.
Invoice: I never received my bill by mail, where is it?
Invoice: I can not find your invoice in my mailbox, maybe it got into spam. Please send me a copy.
Invoice: Good evening, please send me an updated invoice for my order.
Invoice: I added changes to my order. How can I print a new bill?
Invoice: Invoice on the website with an error, please send me the correct bill by email.
Invoice: There are no taxes in your invoice, please send me the correct invoice.
Invoice: Please make changes to my invoice and send me a new copy as soon as possible.
Invoice: Could you write the invoice for me with the different billing address?
Invoice: You have sent me invoice with the wrong billing address specified.
Invoice: Could you sent me invoice with the different billing address specified? Thanks!
Invoice: Can I find my invoice by reservation number?
Invoice: I am trying to find my invoice. Can I do it by reservation number?
Invoice: Please send me a bill for renting a car in company name.
Invoice: Please send me a signed invoice for my order.
Invoice: Please send me an invoice by fax to the phone number +7900005452
Invoice: I would like to receive my invoice printed on the paper
Invoice: I can't find on your website how to print my bill, can you help me?
Invoice: Can you send me invoice sample please?